well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so today we're gonna talk about
NASCAR I know right I'm not actually
judgment we really are because today I
guess yesterday
NASCAR showed more courage than the
President of the United States
NASCAR saw an opportunity to take a
moral stand and they took it the
president today kicked the can down the
road refused to address an issue
involving the United States Army and the
names of some of its installations and
he just chickened out just refused to do
it kick the can down the road let
somebody else do it fair enough fine
whatever
NASCAR didn't do that now for those that
don't know NASCAR as an organization
actually has a long history of trying to
be inclusive they really do their fan
base not so much but the organization
they do so it's no longer permitted to
bring a Confederate flag to a NASCAR
event they're banned don't bring them
keep them at home yeah so of course this
has some people upset you know there are
some in the South who weren't talking
about how it wasn't justified to do
certain things and they look like
they're about ready to burn so much
stuff it's going to look like Sherman
came back but the big complaint is that
they're giving in to this this this
movement this movement to hold police
accountable give in to it as if it's not
actually part of NASCAR's heritage their
lineage
how tonascar come about why did people
start hot rodding soup enough cars
shine shine now for the tea men out
there that's water don't come raid me
tea men huh Treasury agents revenuers
taxes they souped up their cars so they
could sell untaxed booze so they can
outrun them now part of that was because
they didn't want to pay the taxes the
other part of that was they didn't want
the money going to places they didn't
approve of go ahead and make the
connection it's right there from the
very beginning because NASCAR is a
descendant of hot rodding which came
from shining it's always been defunded
the police that's what it was about
there's about not handing over your
money to something that's unjust they
didn't give in to it they always were it
for people who always talked about their
heritage really don't seem to know much
about history at the end of the day
people are gonna be mad for a little bit
and they'll try to boycott for a little
bit but I think it might be worth noting
that all of these organizations are
refusing to pander to this base audience
anymore they're done with it you know
when NASCAR asked people not to bring
them a few years ago it set the stage at
that point people had a moment where
they could have paused and reflected
maybe the the problem isn't that people
aren't sticking to their guns maybe the
problem is that there are people that
haven't changed in ten years and that's
not consistency that's a lack of growth
if you look back on the person you were
10 years ago and you can't see a marked
difference
you should cringe
that should be a painful moment for you
because you're not advancing as a person
you're not growing and that's that's
pretty sad because in order for the
country to grow you have to grow in
order for the species to grow you have
to grow this might be a good time for
some self-reflection if all of your
idols if all of the organizations you
like are suddenly turning against you
maybe it's because you didn't keep up
with the times anyway it's just a fault
you know I have a good day